With Amazon as free, you can actually host a static Web site.
So by static website, that means that on the street side, there's not going to be any application
processing.
Now you can still have client side code like maybe client side JavaScript running, but it's only static
on the Israeli side.
So the simplest thing to do with this is to actually go and set this up now back in history free, you'll
note that from the beginning I had the DCC Cloud Labs dot com buckets.
Now I needed to make sure that I'd reserve this bucket.
I've also registered a domain now.
We actually registered the domain in the next section.
But you may have already done yours because we did actually use it a bit earlier on.
That was optional and it is optional that you register a domain it's up to.
You will cost you a few dollars.
If you do have a domain, that's great, you can use that for this lesson.
If not, you can host a static website from any bucket.
But you won't be able to use a public domain name with it.
So firstly, let's set up our static website.
If you do have a domain name, the bucket name must match your domain name.
So I'm going to select DCT Cloud Lipscombe and I'm going to upload a couple of objects.
And these are going to be used for the static website.
The objects I'm going to upload are these indexed on HD male and female files, which are in the course
download in the Amazon as free folder.
So those two files have been uploaded.
Now let's go to properties all the way to the bottom and understand it.
Website hosting click on Edit and Enable.
And then what we're going to do is host a static website.
I'm going to specify my indexed or HD html as the index document and then error dot html as the error
document.
And that's basically it, that's all you need to do.
Let's save those changes.
Now, back at the bottom here we can see we have the static website enabled and we have a website endpoint.
And I'm going to copy that to my clipboard.
Now we won't be able to access it yet because we don't have public access enabled.
So let's go to permissions.
Firstly, we need to remove the block all public access, and then let's just confirm and then let's
go to our objects.
And one by one, we need to make them public.
So that's the era.
And now I'm going to do the indexed HTML make public, and that's that.
So now let's go to a new browser window and I'm going to paste this in.
And there we go.
We've got the indexed or HD email for our static website.
If you do have around 50 free domain name, then now is the time that we can go into round 53 and actually
set up an alias there.
So in the round 50 free console, which you can find under services and networking and content delivery,
let's go to hosted zines and I have DCG Cloud Labs dot com, which, as you know, is the same name
that I have for my bucket.
And what I need to do is create a record.
It's going to be a record and it's going to be an alias.
And this time we're going to choose an S3 website endpoint.
Choose our region.
And then we should be able to find the endpoint and create the record.
So now we should be able to connect a DCT Cloud Labs dot com and we should see the same indexed HTML.
So this time that's put in the domain name.
Hit Enter.
And of course, we get the bucket.
So very simple to create a static web site, you just need an index document at a minimum and optionally
an error document as well.
And the key thing to remember for the exam is this is static only.
But as an example, to make sure you remember, you can still run client side code.
So sometimes they try and trick you by saying that there's some kind of client side JavaScript, and
that's different to having any kind of dynamic content on the server side.
It's happening on the client side, and that's OK.
That does work.
Webinars free static web site.
Now, just as a clean up, I would like to go back and just remove this record from roots of 50.
And remove.
To clean up, I'd just like to go back to wrap 53 and remove this record.
And that's all cleaned up.